Distributed merge between LysKOM and a Wiki with templating/content
transformers.

How texts are distributed 
--------------------------

Nodes subscribe to texts to get notifications on changes to the
relations between that text and other texts (e.g. addition of
comments). Subscriptions are mutual/bidirectional between nodes.

Two nodes with a link between them can not both have the same text,
and not being subscribed to it.

This means that a node that retrieves a new text (e.g. by following a
link from a text it is subscribed to) is also automatically subscribed
to that text.

Nodes can not delete texts that have more than one subscriber.

If a node is deleted that has relations to texts with _other_
subscribers, those texts must be subscribed to by the subscriber of
the deleted text. 

The above ensures that if two nodes have the same text, there will be
a subscription path between them for that text, so that changes to the
relations between that text and other texts will (eventually)
propagate to both nodes.

Links does not nessesarily have to be up at all time.


Text relations
---------------

Texts can be annotated with urgency and priority, which can be used by
a user agent to show certain messages in IRC-style.

Each text has another text as its "type". The content of that other
text will then be used to transform the current text into into
something that's possible to display. A possible language for such
"type" texts might be XSLT. A "type" text can also be related to a
"reverse transform" and "form" used to let the user "edit" a text to
create a "new version" (see below).

Each text can have any number of other texts as "comments".

Each text can have any number of other texts as "newer versions".
Certain UI operations will follow the trail of "newer text" relations
(using the latest added one, or using a priority list of different
authors to select among multiple such relations for the same text)
until a text with no such relations is reached.


User interface
---------------

Like LysKOM, but with a buffer for text input like IRC. ENTER on an
empty line is like LysKOM:s spacebar, escape sweitches between
IRC-mode and command-mode (like LysKOMs x). All other short-cuts are
Ctrl+key. IRCish /-commands may also be considered... All with
tab-completion of-course,


Considerations
---------------

SPAM-security and "emails" by restricting which links can subscribe
to/modify links to/from which texts (using cryptography).
